



      Clue Booklet For: SpongeBob
      DON'T TURN ANY PAGE UNTIL YOU'RE INSTRUCTED TO DO SO!

      How To Be A Good Suspect

      If you've never been suspected of murder before, you might
      appreciate some of these tips:

      Don't give away too much information about yourself. Make people
      work to get at your secrets.

      Take notes. Pay attention. Listen for clues.

      Don't let people off the hook too easily. Be persistent. Remember: a
      murder has been committed and you need to get to the bottom of it.

      Stay in character. If you don't know the answer to someone's
      questions, bluff. Say something your character might say, but don't
      lie just to confuse people.

      Be evasive, put some spin on the truth, but try to stay within the
      bounds of "reality."

      If you like, carefully detach the chart on the last page of this
      clue booklet, and use it to keep track of everyone's movements.

      Above all, relax and have fun. You're only facing possible life in
      prison without parole.






































      * ROUND 1 : SpongeBob

      Reveal this information only if it's unavoidable:

      1 )  Jeremy didn't know you were going to the opening night
      performance of his play, but you were sure that if only you could
      get together and talk things over, you and he could get on an even
      keel again.

      2 )  You stayed in your seat through the entire first act, and
      through the intermission immediately following.

      You must reveal this information during this round:

      1 )  You were walking up to the theater, at about twenty after
      seven, and you saw someone toss a balled-up piece of paper and a
      plastic cup full of red wine out the window of a blue Mercedes
      stretch limo.  As the car pulled away, you idly picked up the piece
      of paper and stuck it in your pocket.  In fact, you have it with you
      right now.  (CAREFULLY! TEAR OFF THE LAST PAGE OF THIS BOOKLET. THIS
      IS THE PIECE OF PAPER YOU FOUND.)  Show it around.

      2 )  You noticed Buffy in the audience about 7:40.  A moment later,
      you recognized another face in the crowd: Edith.

      3 )  A few weeks ago, you read in Time magazine that Edith was
      taking her mail order business public with a huge stock offering. 
      Financial analysts figured Edith could make millions -- if she
      survived the close scrutiny Wall Street would subject her to in the
      weeks before the offering.




































      * ROUND 2 : SpongeBob

      You must reveal this information during this round:

      1 )  One day, while you were looking around for something in the
      dead files at the IRS regional center where you work, you came
      across a ten-year-old file on Edith's now defunct barter service. It
      seems she once owed tens of thousands in back taxes, and was about
      be prosecuted for nonpayment.  Where did she get the money to pay
      off the IRS?

      2 )  About 8:30, just as the first act ended, you happened to notice
      a man get up and wander to a door to the right of the stage.  This
      man gingerly tried the knob. The door opened, and he walked in. You
      now realize that man was Watson.

      3 )  One weekend a few years ago, Lisa Simpson showed up to take
      advantage of your longstanding offer of sanctuary. You got drunk
      together, and had a few laughs.  Your guest spoke passionately about
      weapons and armaments, and had evidently built up quite a
      collection.  You can't remember anything you said, but you have the
      feeling you did a lot of talking.












































      * ROUND 3 : SpongeBob

      Reveal this information only if it's unavoidable:

      1 )  A minute after you idly glanced at Buffy, someone threw a leafy
      twig into your lap!  Immediately, you were terrified: you were
      convinced that someone was onto you for your role in the death of
      Gunter Emmerich.  Almost hysterical with fear, you ran up the aisle
      and out into the lobby.

      2 )  You ran downstairs into the lounge, and chucked the twig into a
      trash can, then found your way into the dressing room corridor.  You
      slumped to the floor in Jeremy's dressing room, and sat there dazed
      and confused.

      You must reveal this information during this round:

      1 )  Just before the curtain went up on the second act, about 8:40,
      you looked over at Buffy.  She appeared to be staring at a bottle or
      something -- it could have been a tumbler of scotch.

      2 )  Downstairs in the lobby, you saw someone you know.  But you
      don't think she saw you.  That was Edith.  She was on the phone,
      telling someone on the otherend that she was cancelling her plans to
      take her business public.  "And I absolutely will not change my
      mind," she added. 








































      * ROUND 4 : SpongeBob

      Reveal this information only if it's unavoidable:

      1 )  At 9:25 you left Jeremy's dressing room, and saw Jeremy appear
      in a doorway at the far end of the corridor.  You grabbed him, and
      babbled about how much you cared for him, how you would never do
      anything to hurt him, how you would never harass him with anonymous
      notes, how -- Slap!  He backhanded you so hard you saw stars! 
      Jeremy told you to get up and get yourself together.  You got up and
      ran toward the doorway Jeremy had appeared in.   "Enough is enough,"
      you muttered, again and again.

      You must reveal this information during this round:

      1 )  You just remembered that in the IRS file on Edith's old barter
      service, you found a third-party check that had been endorsed and
      sent in by Edith as partial payment of her back taxes.  The check
      was issued by someone named "J. Walker,"  and was drawn against the
      account of something called the Spawn Ranch Film Collective.  You
      made a mental note of it because it sounded like "Spahn Ranch,"
      where the Manson Family was headquartered.












































                     MURDER PARTY VERDICT SHEET


      Your Name: SpongeBob

      Who Did It?


      Why?

      ---- Blind (or, at least, nearsighted) Ambition
      ---- Fear of Exposure (of one kind or another)
      ---- Revenge (for real or imagined offenses)
      ---- Unrequited Love (it happens to the best of us)
      ---- Self-preservation (the physical kind)
      ---- Greed (you know what that is)
      ---- Consuming Envy (not very pretty, is it?)

      Explain:



      You may want to cast one of these optional votes. (This is a good
      opportunity to make up for some of the awful things you may have
      said or done during the party.)

      Best Actress


      Best Actor


      Best Costume


      Most Likely To Commit Murder


      Thanks for your time! Carefully detach this sheet from your clue
      booklet and present it to your host. Then, on to the thrilling
      conclusion...

























      Read these in order! You're number 4 

      Okay, I'm a murderer. But I didn't kill Jeremy Summers.

      Let's go back a few years, to that summer when Jeremy and I
      backpacked cross-country together.  One night, we were in North
      Carolina, asleep in our camp deep in the woods.  I was tired, and
      sleeping peacefully, but some sixth sense roused me.  I sat up and
      saw what I thought was a crazy redneck, like the one in "Easy
      Rider,"  about to blow Jeremy's brains out with a rifle!  I jumped
      up and killed him with my knife.

      I lied to Jeremy, so he would help me get rid of the body, but that
      was no redneck I'd killed.  It was Gunter Emmerich, a German
      exchange student.  I kept this a secret for years, but then someone
      else found out about it, and started sending Jeremy notes that were
      supposedly from me.  Jeremy thought I was trying to drive him crazy,
      so I went to the theater to straighten things out.  But he slapped
      me down like a dog, and I thought, "I've killed for this guy, and
      this is the thanks I get..."

      It's been tough for me, watching him go on to become a big star,
      while I push papers around in an IRS field office.  But I would
      never kill the best friend I ever had.  I left the theater in a
      state of shock.  And when I leave here tonight, I'm turning myself
      in for the killing of Gunter Emmerich.








































      Read it and weep...

      Okay. I killed Jeremy Summers.

      I couldn't stand it any longer.  I wanted to talk to him just once
      more, to get it all out in the open, so I went to the stage before
      the third act, and waited.

      Jeremy walked onto the set.  He wasn't happy to see me, and asked me
      to leave.  I refused, and sat down on the couch.  He sat down beside
      me, and put his hands over his ears.  He began to recite his lines,
      doing some last-minute rehearsing.  It was then that I felt the lump
      under the cushion.  Curious, I reached down and pulled out that
      pistol.  And something in me just snapped.

      I pointed the gun at his head, and Jeremy laughed, he slapped his
      thighs.  "That's just a prop!" he said. "Now why don't you put that
      thing down and get off this stage..."  Enraged, feeling stupid, I
      pulled the trigger.  To my amazement, he slumped over, blood pumping
      from his temple.

      I wiped my fingerprints off the gun with a napkin I had from the
      lounge, then I put the gun in his left hand.  It didn't occur to me
      that Jeremy was right-handed.  I slipped out the door to the right
      of the stage and bolted.  And that's all there is to it.

      By the way, there is no Edmund Perilman.  Actually, I arranged this
      evening, with Buffy.  I altered my voice, pretending to be Edmund
      Perilman on the phone, and fooled Buffy, just as I sought to fool
      all of you. 

      You see, I was afraid that someone had seen me kill Jeremy, and I
      wanted to find out if any of you suspected me.  But it looks like my
      paranoia has done me in.  Do with me what you will, because THIS IS
      END!

      By the way, for those of you keeping score, my motive was unrequited
      love.






























           The Big Kill

           Act III           Scene 1

           than anyone else.  Who knows?  Maybe it all started here, in
           this house, and I was just too naive to realize it.

           --He reaches under one of the cushions of the couch,
           and pulls out a gun, a MAC 10 like the one used by "Meat."--

           This thing. With make-believe bullets I shot may way to
           fame and fortune.  But where did it get me?

           --Holds the gun to his temple, and after a few seconds, pulls
           the trigger.  When the hammer drops he continues his speech. --

           Click!  As easy as that.  But I don't have the nerve.
           That's for sure.

           --He drops the gun on the couch and stands. Then he goes




                           Page 97







































      Suspects' Movements: THE BIG KILL

      ------------------7 pm--------8 pm--------9 pm--------10 pm------
      Buffy         !
                    !
                    !
                    !
                    !
      --------------------------------------------------------------------

      SpongeBob     !
                    !
                    !
                    !
                    !
      --------------------------------------------------------------------

      Edith         !
                    !
                    !
                    !
                    !
      --------------------------------------------------------------------

      Watson        !
                    !
                    !
                    !
                    !
      --------------------------------------------------------------------

      Scully        !
                    !
                    !
                    !
                    !
      --------------------------------------------------------------------

      Lisa          !
                    !
                    !
                    !
                    !
      --------------------------------------------------------------------



