



      Clue Booklet For: Lisa
      DON'T TURN ANY PAGE UNTIL YOU'RE INSTRUCTED TO DO SO!

      How To Be A Good Suspect

      If you've never been suspected of murder before, you might
      appreciate some of these tips:

      Don't give away too much information about yourself. Make people
      work to get at your secrets.

      Take notes. Pay attention. Listen for clues.

      Don't let people off the hook too easily. Be persistent. Remember: a
      murder has been committed and you need to get to the bottom of it.

      Stay in character. If you don't know the answer to someone's
      questions, bluff. Say something your character might say, but don't
      lie just to confuse people.

      Be evasive, put some spin on the truth, but try to stay within the
      bounds of "reality."

      If you like, carefully detach the chart on the last page of this
      clue booklet, and use it to keep track of everyone's movements.

      Above all, relax and have fun. You're only facing possible life in
      prison without parole.






































      * ROUND 1 : Lisa

      Reveal this information only if it's unavoidable:

      1 )  At ten to seven you entered the theater.  Five minutes later
      you were in Jeremy's dressing room, waiting.  You'd decided to lay
      down the law, and get the money due you.  You picked up a copy of
      the 'Big Kill'  script and leafed through it.  One page in
      particular caught your interest.  As you recall, it described the
      opening monologue in Act III.  Summers was to have pulled a dummy
      MAC 10 pistol from underneath one of the couch cushions, spout some
      drivel about how he'd shot his way to superstardom with just such a
      weapon, and then put the barrel to his head and pull the trigger. 
      You tore the page out and stuck it in your pocket.

      2 )  Summers showed up at about 7:05.  You demanded money.  He
      laughed, so smug, so self-assured.  Suddenly, Scully walked in, just
      as Summers said: "If blackmail leads to more blackmail, that's fine
      with me.  Now get out of here before I strangle you."  You turned
      and left the room, but as the door swung closed,  you heard Summers
      say "That Lisa's gonna be canceled out, real soon now."  To your
      ears, it sounded like he intended to murder you.

      You must reveal this information during this round:

      1 )  You were with Summers in his dressing room just after seven o'
      clock, discussing some business arrangements.  At about ten after,
      Jeremy's girlfriend Scully walked in, cutting the discussion short.

      2 )  You saw Scully in the lounge about twenty to eight, guzzling
      cheap red wine.  Well, maybe not "guzzling."



































      * ROUND 2 : Lisa

      Reveal this information only if it's unavoidable:

      1 )  After leaving Summers' dressing room (7:10), you got rid of the

      guard at the corridor entrance, and went outside to your car.  You
      deliberated a few minutes over a plastic cup of red wine, then made
      your decision.  The script page and the wine cup went out the
      window, and you went back to your apartment to pick up the real MAC
      10 semi-automatic you'd recently added to your collection of
      interesting firearms.

      2 )  By 7:35, you'd returned to the theater, gone backstage, and
      swapped your MAC 10 for the toy tucked under the seat.  Pleased with
      your work, you plucked a twig from one of the bushes in the Act I
      set and stuck it in your pocket.  You got rid of the second guard
      (in case you needed to easily get backstage again) and went down the
      spiral staircase on your way to the lounge.  (That red wine wasn't
      so bad.)

      You must reveal this information during this round:

      1 )  It strikes you that the blackmail ploy you worked on Summers
      will also work on SpongeBob You should be able to get him to agree
      to almost anything, maybe even provide you with an alibi should you
      need one.  But first you might want to let him know that you know he
      murdered some redneck in the Carolina woods.  At the same time, you
      don't want anyone else to know about his crime.  That would make him
      less useful to you.  So, dream up a few ways to get him by the short
      hairs.

      2 )  Years ago, you passed through Reno.  You stayed with a woman
      you knew from Chicago.  She used to get plastered with the derelict
      living next door: a former plastic surgeon who'd been stripped of
      his license for malpractice.  He once told you that his favorite
      movie star was someone named "Edith," even though, he cackled, he'd
      "never seen her face!" You thought nothing of it at the time.





























      * ROUND 3 : Lisa

      Reveal this information only if it's unavoidable:

      1 )  After you'd swapped the pistols, you went back to your
      apartment (by way of your Mercedes) to get rid of the prop.  You
      returned to the theater about 8:35.

      You must reveal this information during this round:

      1 )  Just before the curtain went up for the second act, you entered
      the theater and sat down.  Lo and behold, there was your old pal,
      SpongeBob sitting just a couple of rows down from you. (Don't reveal
      the following information:)  As the houselights dimmed, you saw
      SpongeBob trembling.  For laughs, you tossed the twig you'd taken
      from the set onto his lap.  He gasped -- it was hysterical!

      2 )  In your travels, you met up with some underworld types who were
      looking for some guy who'd run off with their "investment" in the
      film industry.  They said they thought this guy was a real oddball,
      and the worst-dressed knucklehead they'd ever met.

      3 )  About 9:00, you saw Buffy leave her seat and head out to the
      lobby. She was wearing a blue velvet dress and a pair of white
      evening gloves.  Tasteless outfit.  Watson followed her up the aisle
      a moment later.

      4 )  You just remembered something that plastic surgeon said.  He
      claimed he'd done a "100% face job, total!" on some guy who wouldn't
      shut up about the movies.  The patient said his new name was going
      to be "Watson".  He wanted to look like Mel Gibson, but apparently
      the doc had the shakes and the patient ended up looking sort of like
      Martin Freeman.

      5 )  For some reason, you found yourself with a particularly good
      view of the wooded set used in the first act.  To your surprise, you
      were able to make out the crouching figure of Scully, hiding in the
      bushes of the first act's set.  Weird.




























      * ROUND 4 : Lisa

      Reveal this information only if it's unavoidable:

      1 )  At about 9:20, you left the theater, and hung around outside. 
      Twenty minutes later, a camera crew from the local news show put a
      camera on you, and interviewed you about the show.  While the tape
      was rolling, people came running from the theater shouting that
      Summers had killed himself.  Amazing.  You went home feeling a bit
      tired, but content.

      You must reveal this information during this round:

      1 )  At about 9:20, you left the audience and entered the lobby. 
      There, you saw Watson face to face with two big, ugly thugs. Watson
      said: "How did you find me here?"  One of the thugs grinned and
      poked Watson's chest sharply: "One of your old buddies figgered he
      better start talkin' so's he could keep on walkin' . . . Now you an'
      us is gonna make us a little deal. . . "  You left the theater.

      2 )  You watched an old movie on cable tv the other night, starring
      some woman in a white satin mask.  It was a pretty...unusual film. 
      (You hate to see a woman in that position.)  But what's just struck
      you is the masked star's resemblance to Edith.










































                     MURDER PARTY VERDICT SHEET


      Your Name: Lisa

      Who Did It?


      Why?

      ---- Blind (or, at least, nearsighted) Ambition
      ---- Fear of Exposure (of one kind or another)
      ---- Revenge (for real or imagined offenses)
      ---- Unrequited Love (it happens to the best of us)
      ---- Self-preservation (the physical kind)
      ---- Greed (you know what that is)
      ---- Consuming Envy (not very pretty, is it?)

      Explain:



      You may want to cast one of these optional votes. (This is a good
      opportunity to make up for some of the awful things you may have
      said or done during the party.)

      Best Actress


      Best Actor


      Best Costume


      Most Likely To Commit Murder


      Thanks for your time! Carefully detach this sheet from your clue
      booklet and present it to your host. Then, on to the thrilling
      conclusion...

























      Read these in order! You're number 6 

      I guess it looks pretty bad for me.  And it should.  I am at least
      partially reponsible for the death of that fool, Jeremy Summers. 
      Let me explain.

      SpongeBob and I once got drunk together, and he told me the whole
      sordid tale of Gunter Emmerich, how he had murdered Emmerich, how
      Summers helped dispose of the body....He was so drunk that he
      forgets his indiscretion, but I remember every word.   For years, I
      used this information to blackmail Summers.  He was only too happy
      to pay what I asked.  Incidentally, those envelopes full of cash
      that Jeremy mailed to post office boxes around the country ended up
      in my bank accounts.  The radical actions were just a coincidence.

      When I upped my demands, he took the role of A.J. Meat in "Meat for
      Hire."  He made a fortune, and I felt he owed me.  After all, he
      would never have taken such a role if I didn't push him for more
      cash.  But Jeremy wouldn't come across.

      I waited for him in his dressing room, to give him one last chance,
      and it was then that I found the script and discovered that in Act
      III,  Jeremy would put a fake gun to his own head and pull the
      trigger.  I decided that this would be a good opportunity to end
      Jeremy's life, especially since I was afraid that Jeremy was about
      to do the same for me.

      I swapped the guns, replacing the dummy MAC 10 with a real one from
      my collection.  I left the theater before the third act.  Can't
      stand the sight of blood.  Believe me, I was amazed to learn that he

      had shot himself before the curtain rose.  But when I heard the
      rest, all those tidbits found in the police report, I knew that
      someone else had pulled the trigger.  The question now is, which one
      of you really killed Jeremy Summers?

      It could only have been SpongeBob, because despite his claims, he
      offers us no real proof of innocence.  Don't you think it's time to
      come clean, SpongeBob?




























      Suspects' Movements: THE BIG KILL

      ------------------7 pm--------8 pm--------9 pm--------10 pm------
      Buffy         !
                    !
                    !
                    !
                    !
      --------------------------------------------------------------------

      SpongeBob     !
                    !
                    !
                    !
                    !
      --------------------------------------------------------------------

      Edith         !
                    !
                    !
                    !
                    !
      --------------------------------------------------------------------

      Watson        !
                    !
                    !
                    !
                    !
      --------------------------------------------------------------------

      Scully        !
                    !
                    !
                    !
                    !
      --------------------------------------------------------------------

      Lisa          !
                    !
                    !
                    !
                    !
      --------------------------------------------------------------------























