




      HOST INSTRUCTIONS

      These printed materials are props you'll use on the night of the
      party. Your MURDER PARTY manual will tell you exactly what to do
      with them.

      Pay close attention to the manual! You wouldn't want your guests to
      murder YOU because you didn't plant that vital bit of evidence where
      it belongs...

























































      Police Report:  Facts

      1. Jeremy Summers was found dead by a stagehand at approximately
      9:45 p.m. during the opening night performance of his one-man show,
      The Big Kill.  Death was caused by a gunshot wound to the left
      temple.

      2. The weapon was a silenced MAC 10 semi-automatic pistol identical
      to a dummy "prop" MAC 10 which was to be used in the dramatic
      presentation.  The weapon was found in the deceased's left hand. 
      The deceased was known to be right-handed.

      3. Particles of a napkin or tissue, soaked in red wine, were found
      on the weapon.  Red wine was served in the theater's bar/lounge
      located downstairs.  It is assumed that anyone in the theatre could
      have had access to a wine-soaked napkin. Only the deceased's
      fingerprints could be positively identified on the weapon.  Other,
      smudged prints could have belonged either to the deceased, or to
      another party or parties.

      4. A theater security guard reports the deceased arrived at the
      downstairs hallway entrance at approximately 7:05 p.m.  The
      performance was scheduled to begin at precisely 8:00 p.m.

      5. At approximately 7:10 p.m., the security guard was told by Lisa
      Simpson, an owner of the Theatre Royale, to leave his post and take
      up a position on the sidewalk outside the theater, to assist with
      crowd control.  The crowd was large and somewhat unruly.

      6. At approximately 7:35 p.m., a second theater security guard
      stationed at the stage entrance located to the right of the stage
      was instructed by Lisa Simpson to join the other guard outside. 
      Both means of access to the stage and dressing rooms were thus left
      unguarded throughout the evening.

      7. The stagehand reports the deceased arrived on the stage at 7:40
      p.m.

      8. A pint-sized bottle of liquid was found on the floor in the
      deceased's dressing room.  It contained a concoction of common herbs
      such as rosemary, coriander, and basil, which were suspended in
      safflower oil.  The bottle was full to the brim and sealed. 
      Fingerprint analysis revealed the deceased's prints on the bottle,
      along with the smudged prints of some unidentified party or parties.

      9. An unsigned, typewritten note was found in the deceased's pants
      pocket. See attached copy.

      10. The stagehand reports hearing the deceased arguing with someone
      prior to the curtain's rise for Act III of The Big Kill.  This would
      be approximately 9:40 p.m.  Due to the construction of the set and
      his disadvantageous position, the stagehand was unable to see either















      the deceased or the party or parties he was conversing with.  At one
      point, the stagehand heard a sound like "a muffled backfire" which
      is presumed to be the silenced gunshot.  Then there was silence,
      followed perhaps thirty seconds later by the sound of footsteps.

      Conclusions:

      Due to the unusual nature of the manner of death, the fact that the
      deceased was known to be right-handed, and the stagehand's report of
      argument at the time of the shooting, the general perception of this
      death as a suicide must be viewed with extreme skepticism.

      Signed,
      Inspector Ward. D. Udell
      Chief Investigating Officer, Homicide Division
      New York City Police Department.


















































      The note...





      Summers:

      Another triumph for Jeremy Summers.  But what about your victims? 
      Why should Gunter Emmerich die in the cold dark woods while you bask
      in the limelight?  We must speak.  Tonight, after the performance.

      -- Your partner in crime


