



      Dear Lisa:

      I don't know about you, but I'm not going.  You all know where Buffy
      lives (I'll write down the address below in case you've forgotten). 

      Why don't you all stop by after the circus, uh, I mean the funeral,
      and then we can all kill ourselves too.

      Sorry about that.  But I guess I just don't know how to act.  It's
      cornball, but I don't know whether to laugh or cry.  I mean, how
      could this be?  But then, there are a lot of things I would never
      have believed possible.

      You would never have convinced me, back when we all lived together
      in that old house in Berkeley, that our friend Jeremy would go on
      from hippie-hood to become the biggest movie star Hollywood has ever
      seen.   Every movie he's appeared in has been a hit, from those
      obscure art films to last year's box office smash,  'Meat for Hire'.

       Allright, maybe 'Meat for Hire' was a stupid movie.  I never
      thought Jeremy would get involved with a money-grubbing turkey like
      that either, but there it is.  Smash hit.  Jeremy had become a
      legend, in case you hadn't realized.  I don't think he realized it. 

      Or maybe he didn't want to.

      Here's some of his obituary from The New York Times.  The big film
      critic Vincent Maslin wrote: "Jeremy Summers never seemed eager to
      please his audience, yet he always did so, effortlessly.  Many times
      while watching his early work, I was subtly reminded of James Dean. 

      Like Dean,  Summers was a charismatic man engrossed in some great,
      emotional mystery,  a man seemingly driven by an inner vision of
      what the world should be.  But this perception may be nothing more
      than the tinted light we all project on our celluloid heroes. 
      Perhaps, in the end,  Summers was driven only by secret demons, old
      fears, private obsessions.  We may never know what drove him to take
      his own life, but this writer, for one, will miss him."  We'll all
      miss him.

      Were you there, the night of his death?  I was.  I wouldn't have
      missed that opening night for anything.  I think I know how
      important that play was to Jeremy.

      'Meat For Hire' made Jeremy a fortune, but there was talk in the
      press that he regretted having played the part of "A. J. Meat,"  a
      trigger-happy private eye who made Rambo  look like a pacifist. 
      After the film was released, he disappeared for almost a year. 
      (Maybe you know all this.)  Then he showed up in New York with a new
      play he'd written, 'The Big Kill'.  

      The theater was mobbed when I got there, and it was a great play. 
      The first act was mesmerizing, the second, explosive.  Then came the
      third, and final, act.

      The curtain rose on a quiet stage lit with creepy yellow light --














      and the set looked exactly like the living room in our old Berkeley
      house!  Slumped on the couch, Jeremy at first appeared to be asleep,
      dressed in a pair of jeans, and a white t-shirt silkscreened on the
      front with the red sun of Japan.  Then, I saw the blood trickling
      down the line of his chin, running drip drip drip, onto his t-shirt.

       I went numb.  Pandemonium broke out, women screamed and men gasped.

       Some people in the audience laughed, then the house fell into
      silence as a stage-hand (unsteadily) crossed the floorboards.  He
      stopped and reached out, pushed at our buddy.  Jeremy fell over, and
      a big, black, long-barrelled pistol fell from his hand.  The
      stage-hand turned.  He shouted hoarsely, and the curtain fell.

      It was a MAC 10 semi-automatic pistol, fitted out with a silencer --
      exactly like the weapon "A.J. Meat" used in 'Meat for Hire'.  It's
      been ruled a suicide, sure, but how could the Jeremy Summers we all
      know have come to this?  What made him do it?

      Look, I doubt if you remember me.  I only lived in the Berkeley
      house for a few weeks.  But in recent times I was Jeremy's attorney,
      and, I hope, I was his friend.  He talked about you a lot, and
      that's why I'd like to meet with you.  I don't have a place here in
      town, but Buffy has kindly offered to host a little get-together. 

      So stop by after the funeral, about 5:00pm, on Saturday, December 31
      2022. We'll have something to eat.  Chew the fat.  (By that I mean
      talk; Buffy's cooking isn't that bad.) The place (and phone number):
      Taco Bell, Taco Bell, 800-555-TACO.   Please call, let Buffy know if
      you're coming.  And if you can't make it, do me a favor...don't kill
      yourself.
                                       -- Edmund Perilman
      Attorney At Law



































                            A Murder Party!   

      You've just been invited to a party where the object is murder...

       Years ago, back in the heady days of the Woodstock Nation, you
      rented a room in an old Victorian house in Berkeley.  It turned out
      to be more than just a place to hang your macrame: your housemates
      were the most far out people you'd ever met.

      There was Buffy: a true innocent, she saw magic everywhere;
      SpongeBob, inquisitive, loyal, and adventurous; Edith, who turned an
      alternative lifestyle into a small fortune; and Lisa, whose quest
      for justice inevitably led to Berkeley.

      But the guru and guiding light was Jeremy Summers.  Loved by
      everyone who met him, he went on from a life of quiet contemplation
      to become, incredibly, a great film star.

      And now, years later, even though you and the others have drifted
      into separate orbits, you continue to feel somehow linked with one
      another.  Perhaps that link ran most strongly through Jeremy, the
      one who brought you together in the first place.  What will happen
      to that binding force now that Jeremy is dead, a suicide, a person
      you'd least figure to take his own life..?  And why would he kill
      himself?

      You'll have a chance to find that out when you spend a few hours
      with your old pals.  Take the time to get reacquainted with them. 
      Read the profiles on the next couple of pages, and pay close
      attention to your own profile (including the "bitter truth").  Who
      knows?  Maybe the answers lie hidden there...



































      Profile: Buffy Summers

      Buffy always loved Jeremy.  Way back in Berkeley, they'd snuggle up
      on the couch, and watch monster movies on tv, while Buffy rambled on
      about alchemy or what babies think about, or the benefits of tofu.
      If he tried to get up, she would talk faster.  It was as if she
      hoped the sound of her voice would magically keep Jeremy forever by
      her side.  But for Jeremy, Buffy was never more than the kid sister
      he never had.  He would never dream of hurting her, and so their
      love would remain perfect, pure -- and unconsummated.

      They've stayed in touch over the years, as Buffy settled into a
      fulfilling marriage with real estate entrepreneur John Watson.  But
      she's still the Aquarian earth mother: between dinner parties and
      luncheons with Watson's investors, she finds the time to bake
      natural breads, and raises an organic herb garden on their lush
      suburban estate.

      Profile: SpongeBob SquareP

      Ever since the third grade, when Jeremy rescued a frail and tearful
      SpongeBob from the schoolyard bully, the two have been the best of
      friends.  They made model rockets together, broke bottles in the
      woods, and went to every sci-fi double bill. They cruised through
      town in Jeremy's Chevy, trying to pick up girls, then hung out
      behind the high school, getting drunk. When they were older, they
      went on to Berkeley together.

      Even there, SpongeBob and Jeremy were inseperable.  They even spent
      one summer backpacking cross-country, wandering for months, having
      adventures they've never talked about.

      But years later, they drifted into different orbits.  Jeremy's star
      climbed, while SpongeBob had to find contentment working as a field
      auditor for the I.R.S.  He's plunged into the role with gusto, and
      gets a kick out of tearing into other people's finances and personal
      affairs.

      Profile: Edith Bunker

      Edith is the new woman: conservative, well dressed, self-assured,
      and a big success.  But she started small: In Berkeley, her
      mail-order company, "The Cutting Edge", was a counter-culture barter
      service, arranging product swaps between communes in exchange for
      Swiss Army Knives, which Edith loved. After a review of her
      operation appeared in The Last Whole Earth Catalog, the Berkeley
      house was flooded with knives.

      A few years later, Edith sold off the knives and used her profits to
      finance the trendy mail-order catalog that's made her a millionaire.

       But through it all, Edith has maintained that she was at her best
      back in her barter days, when she was with the best friends she'll














      ever have.  Though none was dearer than Jeremy Summers, her first
      true love.

      Profile: John Watson

      Nobody in Jeremy's circle of friends really knows much about John
      Watson, except that he's married to Buffy, and is a big success in
      the real estate market. He's had his picture in the paper a few
      times.  Tends to wear his hair slicked back with a ton of vaseline,
      and has strange taste in clothing.  Once, it looked like he was
      going for the Guinness record for "most different plaids worn at the
      same time."

      His wife will probably bring him to the party.

      Profile: Dana Scully

      Scully is smart, sophisticated, and aloof.  Some might call her a
      snob.  But probably not to her face.  They say she's an heiress,
      though nobody's really clear about which fortune she stands to
      inherit. It must be a big one.  If diamonds were water you'd drown
      being in the same room with her.

      The gossip columnists say that Jeremy was very much in love with
      her.  In fact, the two of them spent most of the week prior to his
      death alone in her apartment.  Who knows?  Maybe they would have
      married...

      Profile: Lisa Simpson

      One night, long ago, Jeremy brought Lisa home for dinner.  Everyone
      immediately realized that Lisa was in fact Terry Merrick, a founder
      of the People's Underground Army, and a fugitive wanted for the
      bombing of the Chicago Commodities Exchange.  Everyone felt a great
      warmth emanating from Lisa, and could sense the depth of this young
      radical's commitment to achieving justice for the oppressed.

      An unspoken vow was taken that night: Lisa's secret was safe for the

      time being, and in the future, each one present would do his or her
      best to offer Lisa sanctuary if it was ever needed.  Lisa's
      appearance at the funeral, and at the reunion, disregarding all
      thought of personal risk or exposure, is a testament to the
      fugitive's affection for one-time benefactor, Jeremy Summers.

      Profile: Edmund Perilman

      Edmund passed through California after a four-year hitch on a Navy
      supply ship in the South Pacific.  He and Jeremy met at a civil
      rights demonstration, and immediately became close friends.  Even
      though he stayed at the Berkeley house for only a few weeks, (he was
      due to begin law school in the east), Edmund impressed everyone as a
      soft-spoken but rugged individual -- the kind of person you can














      always count on.

































































      Lisa: The Bitter Truth...

      Jeremy Summers threatened to kill you if he ever laid eyes on you
      again.  You've known for years that Summers and his dimwitted pal
      SpongeBob had, one summer night, murdered themselves a redneck in
      the Carolina woods.  Seems they were camped for the night, having
      done some hard hitchhiking all day, when some yokel snuck up to get
      the drop on Jeremy.  SpongeBob nailed the yokel with his hunting
      knife, and the two of them chucked his corpse in the drink.

      You heard this revelation at SpongeBob's house one night, during a
      bout of sentimental, drunken confessions which SpongeBob has
      completely forgotten.  For years, you've been using this tidbit to
      blackmail Jeremy, and it's worked like a charm.   Summers even had
      to demean himself and play the role of "A.J. Meat" in that piece of
      garbage that made him a fortune.  In fact, that's what started the
      whole problem.

      Summers wouldn't have made all that money with "Meat for Hire" if
      you hadn't pushed him to give you more cash.  And then the greedy
      animal wouldn't come across when you demanded an additional hundred
      grand!  As if that would have made even a dent...

      Well, it was a fine coincidence when Jeremy showed up at the Theatre
      Royale in New York, which you'd just bought a piece of.  You're
      still a partner there, and it's a shame that "The Big Kill" had to
      shut down so soon.  It was definitely in for a long and profitable
      run.

      But it was just too tempting, you just had to go backstage and visit

      Jeremy.  It was only fair.  You had to give him another chance to
      be, once again, your big-hearted, generous benefactor.  You're just
      that kind of person...


