




      Dear Scully:

      I don't know about you, but I'm not going.  You all know where Buffy
      lives (I'll write down the address below in case you've forgotten). 

      Why don't you all stop by after the circus, uh, I mean the funeral,
      and then we can all kill ourselves too.

      Sorry about that.  But I guess I just don't know how to act.  It's
      cornball, but I don't know whether to laugh or cry.  I mean, how
      could this be?  But then, there are a lot of things I would never
      have believed possible.

      You would never have convinced me, back when we all lived together
      in that old house in Berkeley, that our friend Jeremy would go on
      from hippie-hood to become the biggest movie star Hollywood has ever
      seen.   Every movie he's appeared in has been a hit, from those
      obscure art films to last year's box office smash,  'Meat for Hire'.

       Allright, maybe 'Meat for Hire' was a stupid movie.  I never
      thought Jeremy would get involved with a money-grubbing turkey like
      that either, but there it is.  Smash hit.  Jeremy had become a
      legend, in case you hadn't realized.  I don't think he realized it. 

      Or maybe he didn't want to.

      Here's some of his obituary from The New York Times.  The big film
      critic Vincent Maslin wrote: "Jeremy Summers never seemed eager to
      please his audience, yet he always did so, effortlessly.  Many times
      while watching his early work, I was subtly reminded of James Dean. 

      Like Dean,  Summers was a charismatic man engrossed in some great,
      emotional mystery,  a man seemingly driven by an inner vision of
      what the world should be.  But this perception may be nothing more
      than the tinted light we all project on our celluloid heroes. 
      Perhaps, in the end,  Summers was driven only by secret demons, old
      fears, private obsessions.  We may never know what drove him to take
      his own life, but this writer, for one, will miss him."  We'll all
      miss him.

      Were you there, the night of his death?  I was.  I wouldn't have
      missed that opening night for anything.  I think I know how
      important that play was to Jeremy.

      'Meat For Hire' made Jeremy a fortune, but there was talk in the
      press that he regretted having played the part of "A. J. Meat,"  a
      trigger-happy private eye who made Rambo  look like a pacifist. 
      After the film was released, he disappeared for almost a year. 
      (Maybe you know all this.)  Then he showed up in New York with a new
      play he'd written, 'The Big Kill'.  

      The theater was mobbed when I got there, and it was a great play. 
      The first act was mesmerizing, the second, explosive.  Then came the
      third, and final, act.

      The curtain rose on a quiet stage lit with creepy yellow light --














      and the set looked exactly like the living room in our old Berkeley
      house!  Slumped on the couch, Jeremy at first appeared to be asleep,

      dressed in a pair of jeans, and a white t-shirt silkscreened on the
      front with the red sun of Japan.  Then, I saw the blood trickling
      down the line of his chin, running drip drip drip, onto his t-shirt.

       I went numb.  Pandemonium broke out, women screamed and men gasped.

       Some people in the audience laughed, then the house fell into
      silence as a stage-hand (unsteadily) crossed the floorboards.  He
      stopped and reached out, pushed at our buddy.  Jeremy fell over, and
      a big, black, long-barrelled pistol fell from his hand.  The
      stage-hand turned.  He shouted hoarsely, and the curtain fell.

      It was a MAC 10 semi-automatic pistol, fitted out with a silencer --
      exactly like the weapon "A.J. Meat" used in 'Meat for Hire'.  It's
      been ruled a suicide, sure, but how could the Jeremy Summers we all
      know have come to this?  What made him do it?

      Look, I doubt if you remember me.  I only lived in the Berkeley
      house for a few weeks.  But in recent times I was Jeremy's attorney,
      and, I hope, I was his friend.  He talked about you a lot, and
      that's why I'd like to meet with you.  I don't have a place here in
      town, but Buffy has kindly offered to host a little get-together. 

      So stop by after the funeral, about 5:00pm, on Saturday, December 31
      2022. We'll have something to eat.  Chew the fat.  (By that I mean
      talk; Buffy's cooking isn't that bad.) The place (and phone number):

      Taco Bell, Taco Bell, 800-555-TACO.   Please call, let Buffy know if
      you're coming.  And if you can't make it, do me a favor...don't kill
      yourself.
                                       -- Edmund Perilman
      Attorney At Law



































                            A Murder Party!   

      You've just been invited to a party where the object is murder... 

      Years ago, back in the heady days of the Woodstock Nation, some
      farout people found themselves sharing a pad in Berkeley: a funky
      old Victorian house that turned out to be much more than just a
      place to hang the macrame.  Lifelong friendships were born there.

      There was Buffy: a true innocent, she saw magic everywhere;
      SpongeBob, inquisitive, loyal, and adventurous; Edith, who turned an
      alternative lifestyle into a small fortune; and Lisa, whose quest
      for justice inevitably led to Berkeley.

      But the guru and guiding light was Jeremy Summers.  Loved by
      everyone who met him, he went on from a life of quiet contemplation
      to become, incredibly, a great film star.

      And now, years later, even though the former soul-mates have drifted
      into separate orbits, they all continue to feel somehow linked with
      one another.  Perhaps that link ran most strongly through Jeremy,
      the one who brought them together in the first place.  What will
      happen to that binding force now that Jeremy is dead, a suicide, a
      person you'd least figure to take his own life..?  And why would he
      kill himself?

      You'll have a chance to find that out when you spend a few hours
      with Jeremy's old pals.  Take the time to get acquainted with them. 

      Read the profiles on the next couple of pages, and pay close
      attention to your own profile (including the "bitter truth").  Who
      knows?  Maybe the answers lie hidden there...



































      Profile: Buffy Summers

      Buffy always loved Jeremy.  Way back in Berkeley, they'd snuggle up
      on the couch, and watch monster movies on tv, while Buffy rambled on

      about alchemy or what babies think about, or the benefits of tofu.
      If he tried to get up, she would talk faster.  It was as if she
      hoped the sound of her voice would magically keep Jeremy forever by
      her side.  But for Jeremy, Buffy was never more than the kid sister
      he never had.  He would never dream of hurting her, and so their
      love would remain perfect, pure -- and unconsummated.

      They've stayed in touch over the years, as Buffy settled into a
      fulfilling marriage with real estate entrepreneur John Watson.  But
      she's still the Aquarian earth mother: between dinner parties and
      luncheons with Watson's investors, she finds the time to bake
      natural breads, and raises an organic herb garden on their lush
      suburban estate.

      Profile: SpongeBob SquareP

      Ever since the third grade, when Jeremy rescued a frail and tearful
      SpongeBob from the schoolyard bully, the two have been the best of
      friends.  They made model rockets together, broke bottles in the
      woods, and went to every sci-fi double bill. They cruised through
      town in Jeremy's Chevy, trying to pick up girls, then hung out
      behind the high school, getting drunk. When they were older, they
      went on to Berkeley together.

      Even there, SpongeBob and Jeremy were inseperable.  They even spent
      one summer backpacking cross-country, wandering for months, having
      adventures they've never talked about.

      But years later, they drifted into different orbits.  Jeremy's star
      climbed, while SpongeBob had to find contentment working as a field
      auditor for the I.R.S.  He's plunged into the role with gusto, and
      gets a kick out of tearing into other people's finances and personal
      affairs.

      Profile: Edith Bunker

      Edith is the new woman: conservative, well dressed, self-assured,
      and a big success.  But she started small: In Berkeley, her
      mail-order company, "The Cutting Edge", was a counter-culture barter
      service, arranging product swaps between communes in exchange for
      Swiss Army Knives, which Edith loved. After a review of her
      operation appeared in The Last Whole Earth Catalog, the Berkeley
      house was flooded with knives.

      A few years later, Edith sold off the knives and used her profits to
      finance the trendy mail-order catalog that's made her a millionaire.

       But through it all, Edith has maintained that she was at her best
      back in her barter days, when she was with the best friends she'll














      ever have.  Though none was dearer than Jeremy Summers, her first
      true love.

      Profile: John Watson

      Nobody in Jeremy's circle of friends really knows much about John
      Watson, except that he's married to Buffy, and is a big success in
      the real estate market. He's had his picture in the paper a few
      times.  Tends to wear his hair slicked back with a ton of vaseline,
      and has strange taste in clothing.  Once, it looked like he was
      going for the Guinness record for "most different plaids worn at the
      same time."

      His wife will probably bring him to the party.

      Profile: Dana Scully

      Scully is smart, sophisticated, and aloof.  Some might call her a
      snob.  But probably not to her face.  They say she's an heiress,
      though nobody's really clear about which fortune she stands to
      inherit. It must be a big one.  If diamonds were water you'd drown
      being in the same room with her.

      The gossip columnists say that Jeremy was very much in love with
      her.  In fact, the two of them spent most of the week prior to his
      death alone in her apartment.  Who knows?  Maybe they would have
      married...

      Profile: Lisa Simpson

      One night, long ago, Jeremy brought Lisa home for dinner.  Everyone
      immediately realized that Lisa was in fact Terry Merrick, a founder
      of the People's Underground Army, and a fugitive wanted for the
      bombing of the Chicago Commodities Exchange.  Everyone felt a great
      warmth emanating from Lisa, and could sense the depth of this young
      radical's commitment to achieving justice for the oppressed.

      An unspoken vow was taken that night: Lisa's secret was safe for the
      time being, and in the future, each one present would do his or her
      best to offer Lisa sanctuary if it was ever needed.  Lisa's
      appearance at the funeral, and at the reunion, disregarding all
      thought of personal risk or exposure, is a testament to the
      fugitive's affection for one-time benefactor, Jeremy Summers.

      Profile: Edmund Perilman

      Edmund passed through California after a four-year hitch on a Navy
      supply ship in the South Pacific.  He and Jeremy met at a civil
      rights demonstration, and immediately became close friends.  Even
      though he stayed at the Berkeley house for only a few weeks, (he was
      due to begin law school in the east), Edmund impressed everyone as a
      soft-spoken but rugged individual -- the kind of person you can














      always count on.



























      Scully: The Bitter Truth...

      Many years ago, you and your fiancee, a German exchange student
      named Gunter Emmerich, were hitchhiking across the North American
      continent.  Your eventual destination was Berkeley, California,
      where Gunter was to complete his graduate studies in philosophy.

      One night, in North Carolina, you found yourselves stuck outside the
      town of Winston-Salem, so you figured you'd set up a little camp in
      the scrub brush off the road.  Gunter waded in to scout out a good
      spot to pitch the pup tent.  After ten minutes, you wondered what
      was taking Gunter so long, so you picked your way through the
      undergrowth.

      You heard voices in the dark, fevered conversation: ". . . we've
      gotta get rid of his body. . . listen to me . . ! "  You saw a dark
      figure, a man on the ground -- it was Gunter!   Two shadows lurched
      above him . ". . . we'll rot in jail. . .  Just do what I say. . !" 

      One shadow turned and caught the moonlight, and you glimpsed a face
      you'd never forget.  Nearly hysterical, you turned and ran back to
      the road, up toward the dim lights of the distant town...

      By the time you returned with the police, the woods were quiet,
      empty, except for Gunter's crumpled and bloodstained student ID. 
      They dragged the nearby river, but Gunter was never found, and you
      went home to your parents' house in Newport, where for years you
      lived as a virtual recluse.  Then, just four months ago, while
      watching tv (something you rarely do), you recognized the owner of
      those moonlit features: Jeremy Summers.

      He wasn't hard to find, or, you found, attract.  He said you were a
      little mysterious, and he liked that, it was intriguing.  He never
      detected the hatred submerged just beneath your cool exterior, or
      your scheme to drive him mad, as he had driven you mad.  You would
      be patient, just long enough to flush out the dark figure who was
      Summers' accomplice on that terrible night so long ago.

      It all came to a head on the opening night of "The Big Kill."




























      EXAMINE THE NEXT PAGE!

      This is Gunter's ID.  You found it in the bushes on the night of his
      murder, and have kept it close to you ever since.  You might be able
      to use it on the night of the party to help flush out Jeremy's
      accomplice.  First, crumple it up into a ball, the way it was when
      you found it.

      Wait a minute: the ID was also smeared with Gunter's blood.  It's
      possible that his blood has dried out and faded after all these
      years.  If you like, you can recreate the original gore with some
      red food coloring, or a little tomato sauce or catsup (try to spread
      it thinly so the ID doesn't end up looking like a science fair
      project).  Of course,  you can just leave the ID plain vanilla.

      But if you leave it plain, you'll be sacrificing the all-important
      "shock value."  Reconsider.  And don't forget to take the ID with
      you on the night of the party.  Don't show it to anyone, and wait
      for the signal telling you when and how to use this attractive piece
      of evidence.














































                 INTERNATIONAL STUDENT EXCHANGE PROGRAM
                  TEMPORARY IDENTIFICATION CARD

      Carry this at all times until issued official Student Identification

      Card by participating U.S. educational institution.







      Name: Gunter Emmerich    Date of Birth: 11/9/50   Sex:  M
      Place of Birth: Weisbaden West Germany       Height: 6' 4"
      Mother's Maiden Name: Hilda Wenigstens      Weight: 225
      School: University of California, Berkeley  Hair: Blonde
      Course of Study: Philosophy ; English Minor
      Eyes: Blue


      Signed: -- Gunter Emmerich

